screen
  application "e2e Benchmark"
    other "Benchmark Examples"
      navigation "Benchmark Examples" #Sticky Chrome Target
        button "Benchmark Examples" #BackButton
        text "Sticky Chrome Target"
      other "Continue"
        other "Continue"
          other "Vertical scroll bar, 3 pages"
            other "Read the agreement, tap Accept terms at the bottom, then Continue."
              scroll-view
                other
                  text
                  text "Section 1"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 1 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                  text "Section 2"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 2 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                  text "Section 3"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 3 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                  text "Section 4"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 4 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                  text "Section 5"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 5 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                  text "Section 6"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 6 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                  text "Section 7"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 7 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                  text "Section 8"
                  text "Deterministic agreement paragraph 8 of 14. Nothing in this section is actionable; it only adds scroll distance between the top of the screen and the accept button."
                other "Vertical scroll bar, 3 pages" value="0%"
                other "Horizontal scroll bar, 1 page" value="0%"
            other "Continue" #continue-button
